# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`golang_reports`](#golang_reports): Class to configure custom report processor
* [`golang_reports::database`](#golang_reportsdatabase): Class to manage DB connection for Golang Reports API
* [`golang_reports::server`](#golang_reportsserver): Class to configure the Golang Reports API

## Classes

### <a name="golang_reports"></a>`golang_reports`

This class enables the custom golang_reports report processor.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include golang_reports
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `golang_reports` class:

* [`reports_url`](#reports_url)
* [`enabled`](#enabled)

##### <a name="reports_url"></a>`reports_url`

Data type: `String`

The url of the server running the Reports API is running on.

##### <a name="enabled"></a>`enabled`

Data type: `Boolean`

Default: false
Set this parameter to true to enable the report processor.

Default value: ``false``

### <a name="golang_reportsdatabase"></a>`golang_reports::database`

This class installs PostgreSQL and creates a DB user and database.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include golang_reports::database
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `golang_reports::database` class:

* [`pe_console`](#pe_console)
* [`pg_user`](#pg_user)
* [`pg_password`](#pg_password)
* [`db_name`](#db_name)

##### <a name="pe_console"></a>`pe_console`

Data type: `String`

FQDN of PE Console for access to the DB.

##### <a name="pg_user"></a>`pg_user`

Data type: `String`

Database user to create with required permissions.

##### <a name="pg_password"></a>`pg_password`

Data type: `String`

Sets password for the $pg_user.

##### <a name="db_name"></a>`db_name`

Data type: `String`

Name for newly created database.

### <a name="golang_reportsserver"></a>`golang_reports::server`

This class manages the golang-reports service.

The optional parameters should be utilized when Puppet
is not managing the PostgreSQL server.

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include golang_reports::server
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `golang_reports::server` class:

* [`db_name`](#db_name)
* [`db_user`](#db_user)
* [`db_pass`](#db_pass)

##### <a name="db_name"></a>`db_name`

Data type: `String`

Default: $golang_reports::database::db_name
The name of the PG database.

Default value: `$golang_reports::database::db_name`

##### <a name="db_user"></a>`db_user`

Data type: `String`

Default: $golang_reports::database::pg_user
The name of the PG user.

Default value: `$golang_reports::database::pg_user`

##### <a name="db_pass"></a>`db_pass`

Data type: `String`

Default: $golang_reports::database::pg_password
The PG User password.

Default value: `$golang_reports::database::pg_password`
